hello everyone michael here again from
the daily Note 2 YouTube channel today
I'm headed to the world's largest
Samsung store called delight shop the
building is attached to the samsung
headquarters building from the outside
it kinda reminds you of the Apple Store
in New York City because the building is
a square glass cube it is composed of
three floors one being a massive Samsung
store the other and exhibition floor
with a dance hall although I doubt it
gets regular use and the third floor
kind of resembles a Science Museum it is
in Seoul Korea and you can enter it
through the Kangnam subway station exit
8 so let's check it out when you are at
the Kangnam subway station cut to exit 8
and you will see the sign head down the
escalator then follow the signs to the
delight shop